docs: add working with dex overview (#3324)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/defi/dex/overview.mdx

- [ICDex](https://avjzx-pyaaa-aaaaj-aadmq-cai.raw.ic0.app/ICDex)

- [Sonic](https://sonic.ooo/)

> ## Interacting with a DEX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interacting with a DEX

To use a decentralized exchange (DEX) on ICP, you can interact with the web application for the exchange, use [tooling such as an SDK or API](#tooling) for more technical interactions, or create your own decentralized exchange application. DEXs are used to interact with the token mechanics of [ICP](docs/current/developer-docs/defi/tokens/token-standards#icp-tokens), the native token of the Internet Computer, and [ICRC-1](/docs/current/developer-docs/defi/tokens/token-standards#icrc-1) compliant tokens.
```

> ### DEX tools 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Tooling
```

> In addition to using DEX frontends directly, DEXes on ICP have also created utilities that enable developers to easily interact with their infrastructure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a decentralized exchange, you can interact with its web application directly. For developers, several DEXes on ICP have also created utilities, such as SDKs and APIs, that allow for more technical interactions, such as:
```

- The [Helix SDK](https://github.com/Helix-ex/sdk) includes libraries in Rust, Python, and C# that enable [order book management](https://helix-ex.github.io/apidocs/docs/order-management/#order-management-api) such as making trades, depositing assets, and accessing [order book data](https://helix-ex.github.io/apidocs/docs/market-data/#market-data-api) on [Helix Markets](https://www.helixmarkets.io/).

- [ICPSwap](https://github.com/ICPSwap-Labs/docs) offers an API that allows developers to create staking pools, add liquidity, trade tokens, retrieve order book data, and more, directly on [ICPSwap](https://www.icpswap.com/).

> Moreover, these DEXes have open-sourced their entire codebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, the following DEXes have open-sourced their entire codebase for you to reference:
```

- [ICPSwap](https://github.com/ICPSwap-Labs)
- [ICDex](https://github.com/iclighthouse/ICDex)
- [Sonic](https://github.com/sonicdex/sonic-app)

> ### Examples of interacting with tokens using code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Examples
```

> The following code samples provide examples of implementing a DEX on ICP. 
> 
> - The primary reference for this implementation is the DEX example for a DEX using DIP20 tokens on ICP in [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/defi) and [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/defi). 
> 
> :::info
> Please note that DIP20 has been replaced by ICRC2 and is not recommended for the deployment of new tokens.
> :::
> 
> - Swap and transfer ICRC1/ICRC2 tokens in [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/token_transfer) and [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/token_transfer)
> 
> - Transfer ICRC1 token on behalf of another account in [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/token_transfer_from) and [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/token_transfer_from)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following code samples demonstrate implementing a decentralized exchange on ICP:

- DEX using DIP-20 tokens on ICP in [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/defi) and [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/defi). 

:::info
Please note that DIP-20 has been replaced by ICRC-2 and is not recommended for the deployment of new tokens.
:::

- Swap and transfer ICRC-1/ICRC-2 tokens in [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/token_transfer) and [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/token_transfer).

- Transfer ICRC-1 token on behalf of another account in [Rust](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/token_transfer_from) and [Motoko](https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/token_transfer_from).

## Next steps

- [Learn how to use a decentralized exchange](working-with-dex.mdx).
```
